README.md, before:

# iika's Pong
A semi-modern Pong game written in Kotlin.

## Description
This game is a side project that I also uploaded as Project #1 for my APCS Portfolio.
This is also my first time writing Kotlin programs as well as developing a game in general.

## Usage
1. [Download](https://github.com/iika-a/Pong/releases) the `.jar` file
2. Download and install [Java](https://adoptium.net/download/) (Minimum Version 8)
3. Double-click the file OR run `java -jar path\to\Pong.jar` in a command line.

## Features
I tried to include every feature that I could think of to keep the game replayable and make it not that boring.
- 3 Game Modes
- 3 (or infinitely many) Game Maps
- 5 Toggleable Power Ups
- 3 Special Modifiers
- Customizable Colors
- Customizable Keybinds
- Local Multiplayer

## Goals
Goals I want to implement in the future. (NOT CONFIRMED)
- More Power Ups
- More Maps
- Refactor code to be better (I'm just a beginner)
- Online multiplayer (I need to learn networking)

## Screenshots
![Game Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_1.png)
![Game Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_2.png)
![Game Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_3.png)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Contact
Created by [**iika**](https://github.com/iika-a/)<br>
Discord: iika<br>
Please message request instead of adding!

Commit message:

changed update screen, preparing readme for new installation system

README.md, after:

# iika's Pong
A semi-modern Pong game written in Kotlin.

## Description
This game is a side project that I also uploaded as Project #1 for my APCS Portfolio.
This is also my first time writing Kotlin programs as well as developing a game in general.

## Installation & Usage
### Windows
1. [Download](https://github.com/iika-a/Pong/releases) the `.msi` file from the releases page.
2. Run the installer.
3. Run the executable file that was installed (usually in `%ProgramFiles%\Pong`)
### macOS
1. [Download](https://github.com/iika-a/Pong/releases) the `.dmg` file from the releases page.
### Linux
1. [Download](https://github.com/iika-a/Pong/releases) the `.tar.gz` file from the releases page.

## Features
I tried to include every feature that I could think of to keep the game replayable and make it not that boring.
- 3 Game Modes
- 3 (or infinitely many) Game Maps
- 5 Toggleable Power Ups
- 3 Special Modifiers
- Customizable Colors
- Customizable Keybinds
- Local Multiplayer

## Goals
Goals I want to implement in the future. (NOT CONFIRMED)
- More Power Ups
- More Maps
- Refactor code to be better (I'm just a beginner)
- Online multiplayer (I need to learn networking)

## Screenshots
![Game Screenshot](resources/Screenshot_1.png)
![Game Screenshot](resources/Screenshot_2.png)
![Game Screenshot](resources/Screenshot_3.png)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Contact
Created by [**iika**](https://github.com/iika-a/)<br>
Discord: iika<br>
Please message request instead of adding!
